"The Fortunately Base of Tibetan", or "The Fortunately Base of Tibetan".
"The Fortunately Base of Tibetan" is not always common, it is rare to come.
At the ancient time, when the Mahabhagavata came, at that time he gave the secret Vajrayana
teachings, for the vehicle of the secret Vajrayana.
When the Mahabhagavata came, the secret Vajrayana teachings did not give.
Mahabhagavata gave the teachings of the Mahayana and the Hinayana and the Sutraana teachings,
but the secret Vajrayana teachings did not give.
In the future, not just only the past Buddha, the future Buddha, also Buddha is not going
to give the Vajrayana teachings.
Why did they give those Vajrayana teachings?
Because the individualists or the bigs are not ready.
Long before, in the ancient time, in many eons, in many eons before, there is called
universe, known as kung fu universe, or era of the kung fu era, era at that time, known
as the Buddha monzung jaapu, or the Buddha of the Jungjung Buddha, or prachankal Buddha,
Buddha or ancient kind, king of the ancient kind, and this name of the Buddha, so this
Buddha gave very extensively where they are the teachings.
Now, this time, the era of the Buddha shaktamari also gave lack of any other teachings.
And then in the future, there is one million eons passed with, don't the one million passed
with millions of eons passed on, there is known as the era of the metal kung fu, or the
time of the metal kung fu era, in that time, there is known as the Buddha japrami, who
are similar like me, such as me, very, very extensively where the young or the single
mother of the young are teaching.
And because these three times, why the very young are teaching, because these three times
the beings are very prepared to receive the very young are teaching, or because of their
[BLANK_AUDIO]